Pre tag (#132)
sanger-tol/treeval: docs/pacbio.md

## PacBio Data

> Before running the pipeline data has to be in the `fasta.gz` format. Because of the software we use this data with it must also be Long read data as well as single stranded. This means you could use ONT ( excluding duplex reads ) here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running the pipeline data has to be in the `fasta.gz` format. Because of the software we use this data with it must also be long-read data as well as single stranded. This means you could use ONT too (except duplex reads).
```
